Add Rupt integration documentation (#5260)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-rupt/index.md

---
title: Rupt Destination
hide-boilerplate: true
hide-dossier: true
---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

[Rupt](https://rupt.dev?utm_source=segment.com&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="_blank"} helps customers monitor and monetize account sharing.

{% include content/ajs-upgrade.md %}

## Benefits of Rupt (Actions)

Rupt (Actions) provides the following benefits:

- **Account sharing detection**. Find out exactly which accounts are being shared and how many people are sharing them..
- **Convert & monetize account sharers**. Prebuilt UI to convert account sharers into paying customers.
- **Track account sharing revenue**. Track revenue from account sharing conversions.

## Getting started

1. From the Segment web app, click **Catalog**, then click **Destinations**.
2. Find the Destinations Actions item in the left navigation, and click it.
3. Click **Configure Rupt**.
4. Select an existing Source to connect to Rupt (Actions).

> 5. Get your **API key Client ID** from the [Rupt dashboard](https://dashboard.rupt.dev?utm_source=segment.com&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Copy your **API key Client ID** from the [Rupt dashboard](https://dashboard.rupt.dev?utm_source=segment.com&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="_blank"}.
```

> 6. Add your API key to the segment Rupt Action settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Add your API key to the Rupt (Actions) settings in Segment.
```
